 13. Section 13 of Americans All Immigrants All. This is a Liebervox Recording. All Liebervox recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer, please visit Liebervox.org. This recording is by Mark Smith of Simpsonville, South Carolina. Americans All Immigrants All by the United States Department of the Interior, Office of Education. Section 13. Dear listener. April 15, 1939. Dear listener. This booklet is presented in sincere appreciation of your interest in Americans All Immigrants All Radio Series. I am deeply grateful for your patience in the face of delay in getting this booklet to you. When you read it, however, I feel you will be repaid. For no effort has been spared in making it worthy of being read and treasured as a permanent record of the Americans All Immigrants All Radio Series. Since the programs themselves could give you only a general panorama of the many colorful and significant contributions made by peoples of many races and lands to the building of our nation, you will no doubt wish to be in a position to investigate for yourself some of the things which have impressed you as most interesting. The suggested readings and sources for more material, given in the booklet and the special list, should help you in doing this. If this office can be of further service, please feel free to call upon us. As an enthusiastic listener of Americans All Immigrants All, you will no doubt be glad to learn that these radio programs have been perpetuated in the form of recordings which can be used on phonographs and on radio playback equipment. You may wish to give this news to teachers, club leaders and others, who would have a natural interest in promoting broader tolerance through understanding. You may also wish to put into their hands the enclosed reference list. Thank you again for your abiding interest. I am cordially yours, J. W. Studebaker, Commissioner of Education. This is the end of Americans All Immigrants All. Thank you for listening.